[START]
Birth and death are both beautiful things. The creation and the equilibrium of life. What about the journey in-between? That is entirely up to the course of events taking place. This way, we all have a start and end. Everything that are currently alive will be dead, and everything currently dead will eventually come back to life manifested as something new.

Another way to look at it is, the way you die and at what point in life you die isn't truly predictable. No one knows when your body succumbs to disease or organ failure or shock among other grave deaths. Yet at the same time, no one predicted that you would come to life, at least in the long-term. This way, nothing is predictable and we can choose our path.

...Except, you didn't choose to come to life, did you?

On one hand, the former demonstrates heavy themes of loss and how to adapt and overcome that. Meanwhile, this new idea arises from something being gained and how to deal with what you are given.

That thing is being alive.

You can trace it all back to the beginning of the universe, perhaps even to the hypothetical omnipotent being that looks all over us, and that is how we reason with being alive; it is a gift to us.

But this isn't about that. What about your parents? I'm sure they didn't expect to give life to *you* in particular, maybe in their marriage but from the beginning of their lives I'm sure not. Right now, you probably don't expect to bring life to something anew, or maybe you have already.

You didn't choose to come to life, so how do you deal with it?

There are those who wished, given the option before coming to life, that they didn't in the first place. I think this is rather contradictory, since you wouldn't be able to choose at all. Whether or not you wanted to be alive, it's either you come to life or you don't, and something that is decided by something else.

Rather, the more important thing is what you choose to do after the fact. Because from then on, it's your choice where you lead.
[END]
